Update deploy-enterprise-overview.md (#7948)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/deploy-enterprise-overview.md

If you're a medium or large business, you need to think about how you're going to roll out the service to your users, how you're going to deploy the Microsoft Teams client to them, how your network design could impact the quality of real-time communication, and so on. Check out the following sections for pointers to articles that'll help you plan for Teams in your organization.

> [!NOTE]
> If you haven't done so already, we strongly suggest that you begin your Teams deployment with a pilot. A pilot will allow you and a few early adopters to get familiar with Teams and its features before your planning and eventual rollout. For more information about how to start your pilot, check out [Get started with Microsoft Teams](get-started-with-teams-quick-start.md).

After you've read the sections below and are ready to start deploying Teams in your organization, see [Set up Microsoft Teams in your enterprise](deploy-enterprise-setup.md).

## Architecture

> Teams is tightly integrated into Microsoft 365 and uses many features for collaboration, group chat, private chat, file sharing and live editing, conduct meetings and live events with video capability, integrate telephony to a PSTN, access to hundreds of app integrations, and more. Before you roll out Teams, check out [Microsoft Teams IT architecture and telephony solutions posters](teams-architecture-solutions-posters.md) to get familiar with how Teams works with the rest of Microsoft 365 to create a complete collaboration experience for your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams is tightly integrated into Microsoft 365 and uses many features for collaboration, group chat, private chat, file sharing and live editing, conducting meetings and live events with video capability, integrating telephony to a PSTN, access to hundreds of app integrations, and more. Before you roll out Teams, check out [Microsoft Teams IT architecture and telephony solutions posters](teams-architecture-solutions-posters.md) to get familiar with how Teams works with the rest of Microsoft 365 to create a complete collaboration experience for your users.
```

- [Meetings and conferencing](deploy-meetings-microsoft-teams-landing-page.md)
- [Phone System and PSTN connectivity](cloud-voice-landing-page.md)

## Network Planner

> Network planning for Teams is extremely important when you have any number of users and for all types of networks.  It's essential to ensure your network for 8 users or 8,000 users is capable of delivering the best experience with Teams.  Your existing network infrastructure and provider bandwidth could make a big impact on Teams for your users.  Teams supports voice calling and video conferencing, both of which rely on real-time communications to provide the best experience possible for users. Networks must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network planning for Teams is extremely important when you have any number of users and for all types of networks.  It is essential to ensure that your network, be it for eight users or 8,000 users, is capable of delivering the best experience with Teams.  Your existing network infrastructure and provider bandwidth could make a big impact on Teams for your users.  Teams supports voice calling and video conferencing, both of which rely on real-time communications to provide the best experience possible for users. Networks must:
```

As you plan your Teams deployment, you need to consider the lifecycle of teams, channels, files, and so on, in your organization. You should also think about what types of information will be stored in them. Teams may be created for a specific project, for a department, or they might be used as a central resource for the entire organization. Each of these uses have different requirements, which drive questions like the following:

> - How long will the Team remain active?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How long will the team remain active?
```
